Today we're talking about computer viruses 
virus. So if your computer has a computer virus. It means your computer is sick right. Actually a computer virus is a program that is designed to harm or to damage your computer. Oh I see Okay well. Thank you for and so technical That's the technical explanation. 
froze, So if your computer froze it means that your computer stopped working Your applications or your program stopped working and you just can't do anything Your computer's broken.

The stupid computer froze again. It's a third time today. Hey Samuel, can you come take a look at my PC? It's acting up again. Let's have a virus or something. Just give me a second. I'll be right up. I ran a virus scan on your computer and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files, but I'm quite careful when I'm browsing the internet. I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus Well you have to make sure they're antivirus software is updated regularly. Yours wasn't up to date. That's probably what was causing your problems. Okay? Anything else? Yeah try not to kick or hit the computer Um. Yeah,sorry about that. Well I completely understand this guy when my computer freeze is I kick it and punch it and do everything to it Well. I hope you don't punch it too hard Marco Well it still working so it's all right okay. All right. Let's take a look at our language. Take away Language takeaway In today's language takeaway. We have two words the first word for today is infected file infected file infected file infected file and what is an infected file. An infected file is a file in your computer that has a virus in it perfect. That's really clear. What is our second word for the language takeaway today? Our second word is not up to date. Not up to date. Not up to date and what is it when something is not up to date. It means it doesn't have all the most recent information okay perfect now. Let's listen to some examples Example. 1. I need to buy a new computer because mine isn't up to date. Example. 2. I can't find the street. Are you sure this map is up to date Example 3. Sarah has just finished the reports and all the information is up to date Okay that was pretty clear You know you can also use this phrase positively. You can say up to date Okay. For example,we can say this is a new map. This is the most up-to-date map Exactly or if I bought a new computer I could say I just got a new computer. All my software is up to date. Okay great! So now! Let's take a look at some phrases And it's time for putting it all together putting it together. Okay so Samuel said a really great phrase. He said I'll be right up. I'll be right up. I'll be right up. I'll be right up Now we can use this phrase in a lot of different situations,so let's listen to some examples Example one Can you help me with my computer? I'll be right there Example 2. Come downstairs dinner is ready. I'll be right down Example 3. Hurry up. I need to use the bathroom. I'll be right out. Okay really great and clear examples right. Yeah you know that phrase I'll be right out. I used to hear this all the time when I was young really how come well. I have two sisters and we were always fighting for the bathroom so someone was always saying just a minute. I'll be right out. Yes,that's common. I had that too when I was young okay now. Our second phrase is it turns out that it turns out that it turns out that it turns out that this is a great phrase. You can use it in many different situations Marco can you give us an example sure for example I can say Frank didn't come to work today and it turns out that he was sick. Yep,or I could say oh I've been feeling really sick recently why it turns out that I'm pregnant. Oh my god you really pregnant,no I'm not. I can't just kidding all right because okay so it's time for us to listen to our dialogue again,but this time it'll be and little bit slower Alright. Oh great this stupid computer froze again that's the third time today. Hey Samuel,can you come take a look at my PC? It's acting up again. It must have a virus or something. Just give me a second. I'll be right up. I ran a virus scan on your computer and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files, But I'm quite careful when I'm browsing the internet. I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus Well you have to make sure that your antivirus software is updated regularly. Yours wasn't up to date. That's probably what was causing your problems? Okay? Anything else yeah try not to kick or hit the computer. Oh yeah,sorry about that skip Okay,that was a lot more clear this time. Definitely yeah I understood a lot more Okay so now it's time to look at fluency builder. Erica. Why don't you explain what Fluency Builder is Influency Builder? We give you some great useful phrases to help you express your ideas. Clearly Okay great so let's look at fluency builder Fluency builder Okay. So in this dialogue we know his computer wasn't working Right so many students would probably say his computer was acting strangely. His computer isn't working properly Exactly And that's perfect and that's fine Yeah,but there's a really great way to say it that we heard in the dialogue. It's acting up again. It's acting up again. I love this phrase. It's acting up. Yep it sounds really natural. It sounds really natural okay. We're ready to listen to our dialogue a third time,but this time it'll be at the normal speed try and see if you can hear these keywords. Race The stupid computer froze again. It's a third time today. Hey Samuel,can you come take a look at my PC? It's acting up again. You must have a virus or something. Just give me a second. I'll be right up. I ran a virus scan on your computer and it turns out that you have a lot of infected files, but I'm quite careful when I'm browsing the internet. I have no idea how I could have picked up a virus Well you have to make sure they're antivirus software is updated regularly. Yours wasn't up to date. That's probably what was causing your problems. Okay? Anything else? Yeah try not to kick or hit the computer Um. Yeah,sorry about that. So Marco,I really think that my computer actually has a virus now. Really how come Because I have been turning on my computer and then suddenly it turns off by itself. It shuts down by itself. Yeah that sounds like a virus. What I ran a virus scan and there was no problem Well. Maybe your antivirus software isn't up to date. Yeah I guess I better call Samuel. Yeah you can call Samuel to fix it. Yeah All right folks. We're out of time now but be sure to go to our website at Englishpod.com where you can leave all your questions and comments,So stay tuned for our next great lesson and until next time. Bye.