---
tags:
  - PG
---
# 小作文历年真题

## 2010 感谢信

You have just come back from the U.S. as a member of a Sino-American cultural exchange program. Write a letter to your American colleague to

1) Express your thanks for his / her warm reception;
2) Welcome him / her to visit China in due course.

I would like to express my gratitude for your hospitality during my participation in the exchange program in the USA.

Your generosity made my stay in the USA memorable and provided me with an opportunity to better understand American culture.

It was an honor to make friends with you, and I will cherish our friendship forever.

I hope that one day you will visit China, so that I can repay your kindness and we can renew our friendship.

Thank you again for your hospitality, and I look forward to seeing you in China soon.

Sincerely yours,

Zhang Wei

## 2011

Suppose your cousin Li Ming has just been admitted to a university. Write him/her a letter to

1) congratulate him/her, and
2) give him/her suggestions on how to get prepared for university life.

Dear Liming,

Congratulations on your success in the entrance examination, please allow me to give you some suggestions for your holiday.

First of all, you should read because it enriches the mind. Developing a reading habit can lay the foundation for your first year. College life may be full of activities, but maintaining a reading routine is crucial.

Secondly, getting involved in household chores can be a unique achievement. Once you get to college, you will be responsible for doing your own laundry, cleaning your room and managing your daily routine, among other things.

However, reading and housework do not take up all your time. You will need to socialize and communicate with your friends. Interpersonal communication is also important in college.

I hope you will have an enriching and fulfilling life at college.

## 2012

Suppose you have found something wrong with the electronic dictionary that you bought from an online store the other day. Write an email to the customer service center to

1) make a complaint, and
2) demand a prompt solution.

Dear Sir or Madam,

I am writing to make a complaint about your product quality. I bought an electronic dictionary from your online store last week but I found something wrong with its quality when I first used it. So I am writing this letter to complain against the flaws in your product.

To begin with, when I turned it on, all I got was a fuzzy screen, which was completely unacceptable. Secondly,I did not find the original equipment battery promised free of charge in the advertisement posted on the homepage of your shop.

Therefore, I would like to either change the electronic dictionary for a new one or receive a refund for it. I would be most grateful for your help.

## 2013

Suppose your class is to hold a charity sale for kids in need of help. Write your classmates an email to

1) inform them about the details, and
2) encourage them to participate.

Dear my beloved classmates,

On the evening of 4 January 2013, we will be holding a charity sale in the school auditorium for children in need.

The children come from remote areas where they cannot receive a proper education. Our help can change their lives. Many pop stars such as Jay and Jackie Chan will attend the event. The headmaster and most of the teachers from our school will also join us.

I hope you will be able to help the poor children. Thank you for your kindness.

## 2014

Suppose you are going to study abroad and share an apartment with John, a local student. Write him to email to  

1) tell him about your living habits, and  
2) ask for advice about living there.  

**(一)**

I am Li Ming, and I will be studying at your university and living in the same department as you. I am writing this letter to tell you about some of my habits and to ask for your suggestions on how to adapt to life there.

To begin with, I usually get up early in the morning at six o'clock and then go out to exercise. Additionally, I enjoy spending my spare time reading in the library. Meanwhile, I would greatly appreciate it if you could offer me some advice on how to get used to life there.

I am looking forward to meeting you soon and wish everything goes well.

**(二)**

I'm glad to hear from you. How have you been these days? The purpose of this email is to tell you about my living habits.

Firstly, I never drink or smoke, nor do I stay up late. Instead, I maintain a balanced diet and go to bed before 11 o'clock at night because I believe that burning the midnight oil is harmful to health. Secondly, I like to keep my things clean. It is obvious that living in a messy environment results in a chaotic life.

Finally, could you please offer me some suggestions regarding living in your city? I'm sure that we can get along well with each other, and our university life would be one of the best times in our lives.

## 2015

Suppose your university is going to host a summer camp for high school students. Write a notice to

1) briefly introduce the camp activities, and
2) call for volunteers.

The Students' Union are arranging for a summer camp for high school students to broaden their horizon and experience different life. As there are some foreign students, who will also attend it, some volunteers are needed. The details are as follows.

To begin with, the summer camp is scheduled on July 15th and will end on July 22nd. That is to say, it will last for about one week and the theme is "Loving your country,Loving the world".What is more, different kinds of activities are included during the camp, like knowledge competition, patriotic songs contest, drama contest and so on. Last but not least, volunteers should be those who are good at communicating with foreigners and also take an active part in activities.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at 5678 soon.

## 2016

Suppose you won a translation contest and your friend Jack wrote an email to congratulate you, and ask advice on translation. Write him a reply to

1) thank him;
2) give your advice.

Dear Jack,

I’m writing to express my gratitude for your congratulation on my success in the translation contest.

As regard to my experience, I would like to offer you some proposals in this part. First and foremost, I strongly suggest you that you need to practice with painstaking effort in this field. What’s more, you had better have more communication with foreigners, which guarantees that you have a deep understanding of foreign culture. Last but not least, you are supposed to participate in some international events to accumulate a wealth of practical experience.

Thanks again and I do hope you could take my suggestions into consideration. I wish you have good luck and make a great success in your future study.

Yours sincerely,
Li Ming

## 2017

Suppose you are invited by Professor Williams to give a presentation about Chinese culture to a group of international students. Write a reply to

1) accept the invitation, and
2) introduce the key points of your presentation

Dear Professor Williams,

I feel much honored when I received your invitation to give a presentation about Chinese culture to the international students of your college. I would much like to do this job. So I am writing to tell you something about the presentation.

The focus of my presentation will be Chinese traditional festivals, such as the Spring Festival and the Mid-autumn Day. In the speech, I will introduce the origin and conventions of these festivals. For example, the Mid-Autumn Day, falling on the 15th of August in the Chinese lunar calendar, which is a traditional Chinese holiday for family members and loved ones to gather together. In addition to enjoying the glorious full moon on this day, Chinese people will also eat festival-moon cakes, recite ancient Chinese poems as well as guess lantern riddles. I believe this knowledge will help the foreign students obtain a deeper understanding of Chinese culture.

I am really looking forward to sharing these with all of the international students.

## 2018

Suppose you have to cancel your travel plan and will not be able to visit professor Smith. write him an email to

1) apologize and explain the situation, 
2) and suggest a future meeting.

I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to express my sincere apologies for having to cancel my travel plans and, as a result, being unable to visit you as previously scheduled.

Due to unforeseen circumstances, I am required to remain in my current location to attend to urgent personal matters. I understand that this may have caused inconvenience for you, and I apologize for any disruption to your schedule.
I would still very much like to meet with you and discuss our research topics in person. Would it be possible to reschedule our meeting for a later date? I am available at your convenience and would be happy to coordinate with you to find a mutually suitable time.

Thank you for your understanding and flexibility. I look forward to hearing from you soon.

## 2019

Suppose Professor Smith asked you to plan a debate on the theme of traffic. Write him an email to

1）Suggest a specific topic with your reasons, and
2）Tell him about your arrangements.

It’s my pleasure to plan the debate on city traffic, and I am writing mainly to put forward advice on the topic of this debate and introduce my preliminary arrangements concerned.

To begin with, the debate can be conducted with the topic of “By Bus or By Bike” on the ground that a host of residents prefer convenient vehicles to reduce time cost under the background of increasingly heavy city traffic. Therefore, the participants in this debate can take an active part in it due to their real experience in daily life. Regarding the arrangements of the debate, it will be held in the auditorium on our campus Dec.28th, 2018. Anyone interested in this debate can apply for participation at the Students’ Union Office before Dec. 24th. Finally, a watch will be awarded to the winner of the debate .

It will be highly appreciated if you could give me an early reply or some comments on my plan.

## 2020

Suppose you are planning a tour of a historical site for a group of international students. Write an email to

1) tell them about the site, and
2) give them some tips for the tour

Welcome to China! Knowing that you have a keen interest in Chinese historical sites, I am writing to recommend you to visit the Forbidden City, one of the most prestigious historical relics in China.

Here are the brief introductions. Firstly, The Forbidden City is the imperial palace of the two dynasties in Ming and Qing Dynasties. Secondly, located in the capital of China, the Forbidden City showcases many collections of ancient arts and antiques, which offer a glimpse of China's extensive and sophisticated culture. Finally, what needs to pay special attention to is that you had better book tickets online ahead of time. Before visiting, to take a panoramic view of the palace would be a sensible way to guide your trip and save much time.

I hope my suggestions would be of benefit for you. Please feel free to contact me. I am looking forward to your reply. Enjoy your tour!

## 2021

suppose you are organizing an online meting. Write an email to Jack,an international student, to

1) invite him to participate, and
2) tell him the details

How have you been? I hope everything goes well. I am writing to invite you to take part in an online meeting. Here I have some details.

The meeting is scheduled to start at 5:00 next Friday afternoon and it will last for about one hour. During the meeting, we will discuss the proposal on organizing the winter camp this year. And some students from other countries will join in it. You, as an international student, should know them better than us.

That's all. And I really hope you could share your ideas. If you have any questions, please contact me.

## 2022

suppose you are planning a campus food festival ,write an mail to international students in your university to

1) introduce the food festival and
2) invite them to participate.

I am so happy that we, the Students' Union, are planning to hold a campus food festival on December 31, 2021 and we hereby extend to you our sincere invitation to take part in it.

Here are some details about it. First of all, you can enjoy various food from different countries, such as sushi, kimchi, pudding, pizza and so on. Secondly, some interesting games to win prizes are waiting for you and you will also appreciate several wonderful dancing shows while tasting delicious food.

We hope that you would accept the invitation. In case of any problems, please feel free to contact with us.
# 小作文模板

## 投诉信

Dear Manager,

I am Mary Johnson. I feel bad to trouble you but I am afraid that I have to make a complaint about the service I received at your restaurant last Sunday.

The reason for my dissatisfaction is the poor quality of food and rude behavior of one of your waiters. In the first place, the chicken in my dish was undercooked and had an unpleasant smell. In addition, when I asked the waiter to change the dish, he rolled his eyes at me and walked away without a word. Under the circumstances, I find it unacceptable to be treated this way. 

I appreciate it very much if you could look into this matter and take necessary actions to improve the quality of your food and the behavior of your staff. I also hope to draw the attention of the authorities concerned. Thank you for your consideration and I will be looking forward to your reply.

Your sincerely,
Mary Johnson

## 建议信



# 补充

日期后面 th,nd,st 的区分和用法：

- 结尾是 1 的：1，21，31 后面加 st first
- 结尾是 2 的：2，22，32 后面加 nd second
- 结尾是 3 的：3，23，33 后面加 rd third
- 其他结尾都加 th

