# TEXT A

The longest bull run in a century of art-market history ended on a dramatic note with a sale of 56 works by Damien Hirst, Beautiful Inside My Head Forever, at Sotheby’s in London on September 15th, 2008. All but two pieces sold, fetching more than £70m, a record for a sale by a single artist. It was a last victory. As the auctioneer called out bids, in New York one of the oldest banks on Wall Street, Lehman Brothers, filed for bankruptcy. 

The longest bull run ended on a dramatic note

end on a high note = finalize sth successfully / in a positive manner

all but 除了 fetch vt. 售得 / 卖得某价格 auctioneer n. 拍卖商 call out 大声喊 file for 申请；提出...申请

The world art market had already been losing momentum for a while after rising bewilderingly since 2003. At its peak in 2007 it was worth some $65 billion, reckons Clare McAndrew, founder of Arts Economics, a research firm — double the figure five years earlier. Since then it may have come down to $50 billion. But the market generates interest far beyond its size because it brings together great wealth, enormous egos, greed, passion and controversy in a way matched by few other industries.

momentum n. 动力 势头 for a while 一会儿 bewilder vt. 使人困惑 bewildering adj. 令人困惑的 bewilderingly adv. 令人困惑地 reckon vt. 计算 估计 enormous egos 自我 greed 贪婪 controversy 争议

In the weeks and months that followed Mr. Hirst’s sale, spending of any sort became deeply unfashionable. In the art world that meant collectors stayed away from galleries and salerooms. Sales of contemporary art fell by two-thirds, and in the most overheated sector, they were down by nearly 90% in the year to November 2008. Within weeks the world’s two biggest auction houses, Sotheby’s and Christie’s, had to pay out nearly $200m in guarantees to clients who had placed works for sale with them. 

contemporary adj. 当代的 in the year to 2008 表示 2008 这一年，但还没有结束，只到十一月

pay out 付钱

The current downturn in the art market is the worst since the Japanese stopped buying Impressionists at the end of 1989. This time experts reckon that prices are about 40% down on their peak on average, though some have been far more fluctuant. But Edward Dolman, Christie’s chief executive, says: "I’m pretty confident we’re at the bottom."

impression n. 印象 impressionist n. 印象派画家 impressionistic adj. 印象派的 impressionism n. 印象派；印象主义 reckon vt. 想 认为 估计 估算 fluctuate vi 波动 涨落 变化 fluctuant adj. 波动的 起伏的

What makes this slump different from the last, he says, is that there are still buyers in the market. Almost everyone who was interviewed for this special report said that the biggest problem at the moment is not a lack of demand but a lack of good work to sell. The three Ds — death, debt and divorce — still deliver works of art to the market. But anyone who does not have to sell is keeping away, waiting for confidence to return. 

slump = downturn n. 下降 衰退 not ... but ... 不是 ... 而是 ...

# TEXT B

I was addressing a small gathering in a suburban Virginia living room — a women’s group that had invited men to join them. Throughout the evening, one man had been particularly talkative, frequently offering ideas and anecdotes, while his wife sat silently beside him on the couch. Toward the end of the evening, I commented that women frequently complain that their husbands don’t talk to them. This man quickly nodded in agreement. He gestured toward his wife and said, "She’s the talker in our family." The room burst into laughter; the man looked puzzled and hurt. "It’s true," he explained. "When I come home from work I have nothing to say. If she didn’t keep the conversation going, we’d spend the whole evening in silence." 

address a small gathering 在一个小型聚会上发表演讲 suburban adj. 郊区的；城郊的 anecdote n. 轶事 趣闻 八卦

This episode crystallizes the irony that although American men tend to talk more than women in public situations, they often talk less at home. ②And this pattern is wreaking havoc with marriage. 这个小插曲形象地表现了这样一个讽刺的现象：尽管美国男性在公共场合表现得比女性更健谈，但在家里他们却很少说话。这种交流模式给婚姻造成了很大的危害。

episode n. 插曲 经历（电视剧的）一集 crystal n. 水晶 crystallize vt. 使明确 变明确 使具体化 irony n. 讽刺；讽刺的事情 wreak vt. 造成 havoc n. 严重破坏 浩劫 灾祸 祸害

The pattern was observed by political scientist Andrew Hacker in the late 1970s. Sociologist Catherine Kohler Riessman reports in her new book Divorce Talk that most of the women she interviewed—but only a few of the men — gave lack of communication as the reason for their divorces. Given the current divorce rate of nearly 50 percent, that amounts to millions of cases in the United States every year — a virtual epidemic of failed conversation.

a virtual epidemic 流行病

In my own research complaints from women about their husbands most often focused not on tangible inequities such as having given up the chance for a career to accompany a husband to his, or doing far more than their share of daily life-support work like cleaning, cooking and social arrangements. Instead, they focused on communication: "He doesn’t listen to me." "He doesn’t talk to me." I found, as Hacker observed years before, that most wives want their husbands to be, first and foremost, conversational partners, but few husbands share this expectation of their wives.

tangible adj. 真实的 实际的 可以触摸的

In short, the image that best represents the current crisis is the stereotypical cartoon scene of a man sitting at the breakfast table with a newspaper held up in front of his face, while a woman glares at the back of it, wanting to talk. 

stereotypical adj. 老一套的 模式化的

# TEXT C

Over the past decade, many companies had perfected the art of creating automatic behavior — habits — among consumers. These habits have helped companies earn billions of dollars when customers eat snacks or wipe counters almost without thinking, often in response to a carefully designed set of daily cues. 

wipe vt. 擦 counter n. 柜台 a carefully designed set of cue 一系列精心设计的线索

"There are fundamental public health problems, like dirty hands instead of a soap habit, that remain killers only because we can’t figure out how to change people’s habits," said Dr. Curtis, the director of the Hygiene Center at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. "We wanted to learn from private industry how to create new behaviors that happens automatically."

The companies that Dr. Curtis turned to — Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever —had invested hundreds of millions of dollars finding the subtle cues in consumers’ lives that corporations could use to introduce new routines.

subtle adj. 微妙的 introduce new routines 引入新惯例

If you look hard enough, you’ll find that many of the products we use every day — chewing gums, skin moisturizers, disinfecting wipes, air fresheners, water purifiers, health snacks, antiperspirants, colognes, teeth whiteners, fabric softeners, vitamins — are results of manufactured habits. A century ago, few people regularly brushed their teeth multiple times a day. Today, because of shrewd advertising and public health campaigns, many Americans habitually give their pearly whites a cavity-preventing scrub twice a day, often with Colgate, Crest or one of the other brands.

chewing gums, skin moisturizers, disinfecting wipes, air fresheners, water purifiers, health snacks, antiperspirants, colognes, teeth whiteners, fabric softeners, vitamins 口香糖、润肤品、消毒湿纸巾、空气清新剂、净水器、健康快餐、止汗剂、古龙香水、牙齿洁白剂、纤维软化液、维生素

shrewd adj. 精明的 狡猾的 精于盘算的 habit n. 习惯 habitual adj. 习惯的 习惯性的 habitually adv. 习惯性地 pearl n. 珍珠 pearly adj. 珍珠似的 pearly white 珍珠白 cavity n. 龋洞（就是牙齿烂了） cavity-preventing 防龋齿的 scrub n. 刷洗

A few decades ago, many people didn’t drink water outside of a meal. Then beverage companies started bottling the production of far-off springs, and now office workers unthinkingly sip bottled water all day long. Chewing gum, once bought primarily by adolescent boys, is now featured in commercials as a breath freshener and teeth cleanser for use after a meal. Skin moisturizers are advertised as part of morning beauty rituals, slipped in between hair brushing and putting on makeup. 

far-off spring 遥远的泉水 sip vt. 小口喝 moisturizer n. 润肤膏；保湿霜；润肤霜 morning beauty rituals 晨间美容 slip in 偷偷溜入，不知不觉地，还是习惯的意思 putting on makeup：涂上化妆品

"Our products succeed when they become part of daily or weekly patterns," said Carol Berning, a consumer psychologist who recently retired from Procter & Gamble, the company that sold $76 billion of Tide, Crest and other products last year. "Creating positive habits is a huge part of improving our consumers’ lives, and it’s essential to making new products commercially viable." 

commercially viable 商业可行

Through experiments and observation, social scientists like Dr. Berning have learned that there is power in tying certain behaviors to habitual cues through ruthless advertising. As this new science of habit has emerged, controversies have erupted when the tactics have been used to sell questionable beauty creams or unhealthy foods.

controversy n. 争议；争论 tactic n. 策略 questionable adj. 可疑的 beauty cream 美容霜 unhealthy adj. 不健康的

# TEXT D

Many Americans regard the jury system as a concrete expression of crucial democratic values, including the principles that all citizens who meet minimal qualifications of age and literacy are equally competent to serve on juries; that jurors should be selected randomly from a representative cross section of the community; that no citizen should be denied the right to serve on a jury on account of race, religion, sex, or national origin; that defendants are entitled to trial by their peers; and that verdicts should represent the conscience of the community and not just the letter of the law. The jury is also said to be the best surviving example of direct rather than representative democracy. In a direct democracy, citizens take turns governing themselves, rather than electing representatives to govern for them. 

jury n. 陪审团 the jury system 陪审制度 concrete expression 具体表现 crucial adj. 至关重要的 democratic adj. 民主的 literal adj. 文字的；字面上的 literacy n. 读写能力；文化水平 equally adv. 平等地 competent adj. 有资格的 能胜任的 serve on：为...尽职责 cross section 典型的一群人或者事物 community n. 社区；群落；社会 on account of = because of 由于 因为 所以 defendant n. 被告人 被告 plaintiff n. 原告 be entitled to 使有权 trial n. ①审理 审判 ②试验 试用 ③预赛 选拔赛 peer n. 同龄人；同辈人 verdict n. ①裁决 ②决定 结论 意见 conscience n. 良心 the letter of the law：法律（或法规）的准确字面意义，就是法律条文的意思 surviving adj. 健在的；活生生的 direct democracy 直接民主 representative democracy 代议制民主 间接民主 take turns doing sth / to do sth：轮流做某事

But as recently as in 1986, jury selection procedures conflicted with these democratic ideals. In some states, for example, jury duty was limited to persons of supposedly superior intelligence, education, and moral character. Although the Supreme Court of the United States had prohibited intentional racial discrimination in jury selection as early as the 1880 case of Strauder v. West Virginia, the practice of selecting so-called elite or blue-ribbon juries provided a convenient way around this and other antidiscrimination laws.

procedure n. 程序 法律 the Supreme Court of the United States：美国最高法院 discriminate vt. 歧视 区别 discriminatory adj. 歧视的 区别对待的 discrimination n. 歧视 as early as 早在...时候 elite n. 精英 blue-ribbon adj. 第一流的 antidiscrimination n. 反歧视

The system also failed to regularly include women on juries until the mid-20th century. Although women first served on state juries in Utah in 1898, it was not until the 1940s that a majority of states made women eligible for jury duty. Even then several states automatically exempted women from jury duty unless they personally asked to have their names included on the jury list. This practice was justified by the claim that women were needed at home, and it kept juries unrepresentative of women through the 1960s. 

eligible adj. 有资格的 exempt sb / sth from sth 免除

In 1968, the Congress of the United States passed the Jury Selection and Service Act, ushering in a new era of democratic reforms for the jury. This law abolished special educational requirements for federal jurors and required them to be selected at random from a cross section of the entire community. In the landmark 1975 decision Taylor vs. Louisiana, the Supreme Court extended the requirement that juries be representative of all parts of the community to the state level. The Taylor decision also declared sex discrimination in jury selection to be unconstitutional and ordered states to use the same procedures for selecting male and female jurors.

the Congress of the United States 美国国会 the Jury Selection and Service Act 陪审员选取及服务法案 usher in 开创 开始 开启 标志...的开始 landmark n. 地标 里程碑 sex discrimination 性别歧视 unconstitutional adj. 违背宪法的

# TEXT E

Copying Birds May Save Aircraft Fuel

Both Boeing and Airbus have trumpeted the efficiency of their newest aircraft, the 787 and A350 respectively. Their clever designs and lightweight composites certainly make a difference. But a group of researchers at Stanford University, led by Ilan Kroo, has suggested that airlines could take a more naturalistic approach to cutting jet-fuel use and it would not require them to buy new aircraft.

Boeing 波音 Airbus 空客 trumpet v. 吹嘘 naturalistic approach 自然的方法 jet-fuel 喷气燃料

The answer, says Dr. Kroo, lies with birds. Since 1914, scientists have known that birds flying in formation – a V-shape – expend less energy. The air flowing over a bird’s wings curls upwards behind the wingtips, a phenomenon known as upwash. Other birds flying in the upwash experience reduced drag, and spend less energy propelling themselves. Peter Lissaman, an aeronautics expert who was formerly at Caltech and the University of Southern California, has suggested that a formation of 25 birds might enjoy a range increase of 71%.

lie with 在于 expend v. 花费 upwash n. 上升流 curl 弯曲 propel v. 推进 aeronautics expert 航空学专家 

When applied to aircraft, the principles are not substantially different. Dr. Kroo and his team modeled what happens if three passenger jets departing from Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Las Vegas were to assemble over Utah, assume an inverted V-formation, occasionally change places so all could have a turn in the most favorable positions, and proceed to London. They found that the aircraft consumed as much as 15% less fuel (coupled with a reduction in carbon-dioxide output). Nitrogen-oxide emissions during the cruising portions of the flight fell by around a quarter.

depart from 离开 assemble v. 集合 occasionally adv. 偶然的 nitrogen-oxide n. 氧化氮 the portion of... ...的部分 cruise v. / n. 巡航

There are, of course, knots to be worked out. One consideration is safety, or at least the perception of it. Would passengers feel comfortable traveling in companion? Dr. Kroo points out that the aircraft could be separated by several nautical miles, and would not be in the intimate groupings favored by display teams like the Red Arrows. A passenger peering out of the windows might not even see the other planes. Whether the separation distances involved would satisfy air-traffic-control regulations is another matter, although a working group at the International Civil Aviation Organization has included the possibility of formation flying in a blueprint for new operational guidelines.

knot n. 难题 work out 解决 the perception of... ...的感知 travel in companion 同行 nautical mile 海里 intimate adj. 亲密的 peer v. 凝视 

It remains to be seen how weather conditions affect the air flows that make formation flight more efficient. In zones of increased turbulence, the planes' wakes will decay more quickly and the effect will diminish. Dr. Kroo says this is one of the areas his team will investigate further. It might also be hard for airlines to coordinate the departure times and destinations of passenger aircraft in a way that would allow them to gain from formation flight. Cargo aircraft, in contrast, might be easier to reschedule, as might routine military flights.

turbulence n. 混乱 decay v. 衰退 cargo aircraft 货运飞机 

As it happens, America’s armed forces are on the case already. Earlier this year the country’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced plans to pay Boeing to investigate formation flight, though the program has yet to begin. There are reports that some military aircraft flew in formation when they were low on fuel during World War II, but Dr. Lissaman says they are unsubstantiated. “My father was an RAF pilot and my cousin the skipper of a Lancaster lost over Berlin,” he adds. So he should know.

skipper n. 船长 

# TEXT F

"Sustainability" has become a popular word these days, but to Ted Ning, the concept will always have personal meaning. Having endured a painful period of unsustainability in his own life made it clear to him that ==sustainability-oriented values== must be expressed through every day action and choice.

Ning recalls spending a confusing year in the late 1990s selling insurance. He'd been through the dot-com boom and burst and, desperate for a job, signed on with a Boulder agency.

desperate 渴望 sign on with 和...签合同

It didn't go well. "It was a really bad move because that's not my passion," says Ning, whose dilemma about the job translated, predictably, into a lack of sales. "I was miserable. I had so much anxiety that I would wake up in the middle of the night and stare at the ceiling. I had no money and needed the job. Everyone said,” Just wait, you'll turn the corner, give it some time.''

dilemma n. 困境

事情进展不顺，“那的确是很糟糕的一种选择，因为那并非是我的激情所在，”宁如是说。可以想象，他这种工作上的窘境是由于销售业绩不良造成的。“我觉得很悲哀。我太担心了，以至于我会在半夜醒来，盯着天花板。没有钱，我需要这份工作。每个人都会说，等吧，总会有转机的，给点时间吧。”